[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a black comedy
horror film tusk
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
wallace and his best friend teddy run a
popular channel on youtube
where they do live streams and make fun
of the humiliating viral videos
wallace finds that the audience love
that weird but exciting stuff
so he tries to collect all those funny
stuff to make them more intriguing
one day a video arouses his interest
in which a canadian boy accidentally
cuts off his leg
while playing around with a katana the
video soon goes viral on youtube
wallace tries to contact the boy
planning to interview him
he then flies to canada upon arrival
however
he is shocked by the news that the boy
committed suicide a day ago
because he could not accept the result
of losing a leg
wallace is so upset that he has gone
such a long way for nothing
however just when he is pouring his
stink water in a restroom
he finds a hand bill from someone
offering an exclusive
interview of his life for free and
guaranteeing he will share his most
interesting stories only
wallace is thrilled after reading the
handbill thinking he has finally got
something for the trip
intrigued he drives to the place
provided on the handbill
which is the only mansion in the
outskirts with no other households
inside the mansion lives an old man
called howard
who sits in a wheelchair howard offers
wallace some tea
and starts to talk about his story at
first
wallace is enjoying the tea as well as
howard's story
but with howard going on wallace becomes
increasingly frightened
howard tells him that his parents were
both killed when he was little
and that he was brought up in an
orphanage where he suffered all kinds of
abuse
thus he has developed hatred and
resentment towards humans
what's more howard believes that humans
are the most primitive creatures on
earth
while walruses are the most advanced
wallace doesn't know how to continue
with his remark
as he can't agree at all then howard
tells wallace that he ran away from the
orphanage
when he was 15 and ended up being a cook
on a boat
however in order to seek the largest
profits the captain drove the boat in
the most dangerous waters
then one day the boat sank and all the
other crew died except howard
he was all alone floating on the wide
and dark sea cold and helpless
fear was flooding over him and he was on
the verge of both physical
and mental collapse however just then
something sticky showed up beside him
which turned out to be a walrus
out of surprise the walrus didn't attack
him
instead it dragged him onto an island
and took him into its blubbery body
to keep him warm as a result howard was
saved
and ever since then he has seen the
walrus as his belief
wallace could not feel more excited by
such a bizarre story
however he passes out suddenly and falls
onto the ground for no reason
when he wakes up the next day he finds
howard sitting in front of him
so he asked howard what happened as he
feels something is wrong with his legs
howard doesn't tell him the truth
instead he tells wallace that he was
bitten by a toxic spider
and that the wound has already been
taken care of however wallace suddenly
realizes something is wrong
right away he pulls off the blanket
covered on his laps
holy [ __ ] he finds that his left leg is
gone and that he is strapped into a
wheelchair
wallace is so scared and he shouts to
howard to send him to the hospital
however howard doesn't do anything but
stares at wallace gloomily
saying why the hell wallace wants to be
a vulgar human being
wallace realizes that he's not bitten by
a spider
and all that was done by the psycho
howard
later at the dinner table wallace is
even more terrified to find that howard
is not crippled at all he can still walk
until then he knows he's already fallen
into a trap
and he's in despair no matter how hard
he begs for his life
howard tells wallace that his human life
is over and that if he wants to continue
living
he has to become a walrus during the
next period of time
howard is mutilating and altering
wallace to better fit him into the
walrus costume
he has constructed wallace is in great
agony and fear
but he can do nothing one day
finally finds an opportunity and calls
his girlfriend and his friend
teddy unfortunately his phone call is
missed by them
who are too busy playing their six and
nine hormone game right at that time
wallace therefore leaves them a
voicemail hoping they can come and save
him quickly
later however wallace doesn't have a
chance to call them anymore
as his arms are then amputated and
altered into the forelimbs
and his tongue is cut off and replaced
with two long tusks
he is then sewed into a walrus costume
made of human skin
and by then the poor wallace is no
longer alive in the world
instead wallace has been transformed
into walrus
wallace keeps bellowing furiously with
resentment and despair in his eyes
but there is nothing he can do howard
starts to feed him with fish
and gets him into the water to condition
him to think and act like a walrus
while being in the water wallace is
horrified to find that they're under the
water
there are so many other constructed
walruses like him
but all dead he realizes that the brutal
old man has constructed many people into
walruses
and if he cannot live as a walrus he
will definitely die
wallace is completely desperate now
meanwhile after a long hormone game his
girlfriend and teddy finally hear
wallace's voicemail
and are aware that he is in danger they
fly to canada immediately
and get in contact with the local police
the police reveals that howard
nicknamed the first wife has been
kidnapping and murdering people for
years
with the new clues they finally find
where wallace is
and break into the mansion however
they are shocked to see what is
happening right in front of them
a blubbery walrus is piercing an old man
in his heart over and over again
with its sharp tusks suddenly his
girlfriend screams at the walrus
unwilling to believe the disgusting
creature is her boyfriend wallace
unable to speak the walrus just stops
with humiliation
fear guilt and all other emotions
flooding over him
and then suddenly the walrus lowers its
head and tears rolled down its face
it turns out that shortly before they
come to rescue wallace howard reveals to
wallace that he had killed and eaten mr
tusk
the walrus who saved his life and in
howard's memory
he was not strong enough to kill mr tusk
at all
but he doesn't know why mr tusk would
rather let him kill it and fight back
therefore overcome with guilt he has
spent the last 15 years
turning his victims into his beloved
savior in an attempt to relive their
last day
and give mr tusk another chance survival
howard has altered 20 more healthy men
into the walrus
but none of them survived and wallace is
the only one
who surprisingly adapts to the life of a
walrus
since mr tusk has been revived howard
asks wallace to kill him
thinking it's time for him to sacrifice
his body to atone for his sins
wallace is then brought back to america
and lives in a wildlife sanctuary
his girlfriend and teddy will visit him
with fresh fish when they have time off
their busy hormone game
teddy has never posted any videos about
mr tusk on youtube
which would literally make him more
famous than daniel cc movie
with those billions of views because he
believes wallace still deserves the last
vestige of dignity as a human being
and also he appreciates wallace's
generosity
to offer him such a perfect hormone
partner
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out